Retrospective Consistency on Reproducible Environments Chapter of Guide to Reproducible Research (#1458)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/reproducible-research/renv/renv-resources.md

- [Paper presenting singularity](https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0177459) **CC0 1.0 Universal (CC0 1.0)**

- [Paper presenting singularity](https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0177459) **CC0 1.0 Universal (CC0 1.0)**

- [Package Managers](https://opensource.com/article/18/7/evolution-package-managers) **Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International (CC BY-SA 4.0)**

- [Talk by Will Furnass on Conda](https://github.com/willfurnass/conda-rses-pres/blob/master/content.md) **Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International**

- [YAML tutorial](https://gettaurus.org/docs/YAMLTutorial/) **[Apache 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)**

- [Binder illustration](https://opendreamkit.org/2017/11/02/use-case-publishing-reproducible-notebooks/) **Permission to use granted by Juliette Taka, Logilab and the OpenDreamKit project.**

- [mybinder docs intro](https://github.com/jupyterhub/binder/blob/master/doc/introduction.rst) **[BSD 3-Clause](https://github.com/binder-examples/requirements/blob/master/LICENSE)**

> - [Original zero to Binder tutorial](https://github.com/Build-a-binder/build-a-binder.github.io/blob/master/workshop/10-zero-to-binder.md) **[BSD 3-Clause](https://github.com/binder-examples/requirements/blob/master/LICENSE)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Zero to Binder - official tutorial](https://github.com/Build-a-binder/build-a-binder.github.io/blob/master/workshop/10-zero-to-binder.md) **[BSD 3-Clause](https://github.com/binder-examples/requirements/blob/master/LICENSE)**
```

> - [Sarah Gibson's zero to Binder](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/blob/master/workshops/boost-research-reproducibility-binder/workshop-presentations/zero-to-binder.md) **MIT**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Zero to Binder - adapted version](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/blob/master/workshops/boost-research-reproducibility-binder/workshop-presentations/zero-to-binder.md) **MIT**
```
